feat(commands)!: Add support for injected parameters autocompletions (#675)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/ext/commands/additional_info.rst

This will prevent conflicts and race conditions. Discord API doesn't provide users with events related to application command updates,
so it's impossible to keep the cache of multiple machines synced. Having only 1 machine with ``sync_commands`` set to ``True`` is enough
because global registration of application commands doesn't depend on sharding.

.. _why_params_and_injections_return_any:

> Why ``Param`` and ``Injection``-related functions return ``Any``?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why do ``Param`` and ``Injection``-related functions return ``Any``?
```

:func:`~ext.commands.injection` and :func:`~ext.commands.register_injection` do not have a specific return type, but at runtime these return :class:`~ext.commands.Injection`.

A typical example of slash command might look like this: ::

    @bot.slash_command(description="Replies with the given text!")
    async def echo(
        inter: disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction,
        text: str = commands.Param(description="Echo~")
    ) -> None:
        await inter.response.send_message(text)

Here, you have two parameters in your command's function: ``inter``, an instance of :class:`disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction`, and
``text``, which is.. Noticed? You annotate ``text`` as ``str``, but at the same time, assign :class:`~ext.commands.ParamInfo` instance to it.
That's the thing. When your editor type-checks your (any library's) code, it would normally complain if you tried to do the above, because
you're trying to "convert" ``ParamInfo`` into ``str``, but since library have set ``Param``'s return type as ``Any``, type-checker "accepts"
your code, because ``str`` (and any type) is the subset of ``Any``. Win-win!

> Same thing applies to ``Injection``-related functions.

Reviewer: This line is redundant due to lines 41 and 42 listing all of the affected functions.

Author: I dont think so, lines you've mentioned just list all things that return Any, then the explanation goes, and then line 59 states that explanation above applies to these functions as well, that answer to "Why?" is the same

Reviewer: Changed it in https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/675/commits/c2d003fa7921e345c28fa3acadbe4d3305fd907f

This will prevent conflicts and race conditions. Discord API doesn't provide users with events related to application command updates,
so it's impossible to keep the cache of multiple machines synced. Having only 1 machine with ``sync_commands`` set to ``True`` is enough
because global registration of application commands doesn't depend on sharding.

.. _why_params_and_injections_return_any:

Why do ``Param`` and ``Injection``-related functions return ``Any``?
--------------------------------------------------------------------

If your editor of choice supports type-checking, you may have noticed that :func:`~ext.commands.Param`, :func:`~ext.commands.inject`,

> :func:`~ext.commands.injection` and :func:`~ext.commands.register_injection` do not have a specific return type, but at runtime these return :class:`~ext.commands.ParamInfo` and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and :func:`~ext.commands.injection` do not have a specific return type, but at runtime these return :class:`~ext.commands.ParamInfo` and
```

:class:`~ext.commands.Injection` respectively.

> A typical example of slash command might look like this: ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A typical example of a slash command might look like this: ::
```

    @bot.slash_command(description="Replies with the given text!")
    async def echo(
        inter: disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction,

>         text: str = commands.Param(description="Echo~")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        text: str = commands.Param(description="Echo~"),
```
not necessary, but usually formatted like that by most tools

    ) -> None:
        await inter.response.send_message(text)

Here, you have two parameters in your command's function: ``inter``, an instance of :class:`disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction`, and

> ``text``, which is.. Noticed? You annotate ``text`` as ``str``, but at the same time, assign :class:`~ext.commands.ParamInfo` instance to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``text``, which is somewhat unusual: you annotate ``text`` as ``str``, but at the same time, assign a :class:`~ext.commands.ParamInfo` instance to it.
```
maybe something like this instead?

Author: That was just a try to make documentation a bit less boring haha :P Yours look good too

That's the thing. When your editor type-checks your (any library's) code, it would normally complain if you tried to do the above, because

> you're trying to "convert" ``ParamInfo`` into ``str``, but since library have set ``Param``'s return type as ``Any``, type-checker "accepts"
> your code, because ``str`` (and any type) is the subset of ``Any``. Win-win!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you're trying to assign a ``ParamInfo`` to a ``str`` - however, since the library declares ``Param``'s return type as ``Any``, the type-checker accepts
your code, because ``str`` (and any type) is a subtype of ``Any``.
```

> The same thing applies to :func:`~ext.commands.inject`, :func:`~ext.commands.injection` and :func:`~ext.commands.register_injection`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The same thing applies to :func:`~ext.commands.inject` and :func:`~ext.commands.injection`.
```

This will prevent conflicts and race conditions. Discord API doesn't provide users with events related to application command updates,
so it's impossible to keep the cache of multiple machines synced. Having only 1 machine with ``sync_commands`` set to ``True`` is enough
because global registration of application commands doesn't depend on sharding.

.. _why_params_and_injections_return_any:

Why ``Param`` and ``Injection``-related functions return ``Any``?
-----------------------------------------------------------------

> If your editor of choice supports type-checking, you might have been noticed that :func:`~ext.commands.Param`, :func:`~ext.commands.inject`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your editor of choice supports type-checking, you may have noticed that :func:`~ext.commands.Param`, :func:`~ext.commands.inject`,
```

> :func:`~ext.commands.injection` and :func:`~ext.commands.register_injection` return ``Any`` (in terms of typing), but at runtime
> return :class:`~ext.commands.Injection` (as mentioned in API reference for them). "Why?", you could think, and here's the reason for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`~ext.commands.injection` and :func:`~ext.commands.register_injection` do not have a specific return type, but at runtime these return :class:`~ext.commands.Injection`.
```

> We'll explain this on example of ``Param`` usage (because this is the thing most users are familair with), but everything here applies to
> ``Injection`` usage as well.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Shortened much as of latest commit, won't resolve this for now

A typical example of slash command might look like this: ::

    @bot.slash_command(description="Replies with the given text!")
    async def echo(
        inter: disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction,
        text: str = commands.Param(description="Echo~")
    ) -> None:
        await inter.response.send_message(text)

Here, you have two parameters in your command's function: ``inter``, an instance of :class:`disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction`, and
``text``, which is.. Noticed? You annotate ``text`` as ``str``, but at the same time, assign :class:`~ext.commands.ParamInfo` instance to it.
That's the thing. When your editor type-checks your (any library's) code, it would normally complain if you tried to do the above, because
you're trying to "convert" ``ParamInfo`` into ``str``, but since library have set ``Param``'s return type as ``Any``, type-checker "accepts"

> your code, because ``str`` (and any type) is the subset of ``Any``. Win-win!

Reviewer: Needs some padding of some sort below this as it is currently occluded by the top and rtd buttons and cannot be scrolled any further. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71233171/190725946-897b9ef0-b17e-4d36-85ae-e6c9bad608be.png)

Author: Done as of latest commit

Reviewer: Unresolved due to the extra line being not necessary.
